We got the beginnings of a request handler put together.
So now we're going to start to implement the first couple of steps in this flow.
We're going to try to find the order that the user is trying to pay for.
We'll make sure that the order belongs to this user, and we'll also make sure that the order is not
yet canceled.
So let's get to it.
Back inside my editor, I'm going to remove that resin statement and we will first pull out the token
and the order ID from the incoming request body.
We're going to have to refer to these two values right here a couple of times.
So makes sense to just pull them out of the request body right away.
And then going to use the order model right here to try to find the appropriate order out of our database.
They'll say const order is a wait order defined by ID and pass in the order ID.
Then right away, if we are unable to find the appropriate order, we should throw a not found error
and say Sorry, we could not find the order you're trying to pay for.
So if there is no order.
We'll throw a new, not bound air.
After that, we'll then check and see if the user who is trying to pay for this thing has the same ID
as the order's user ID property.
It will say if.
Order.
User ID is not equal to req current user ID.
And once again, we're getting that little nasty thing from TypeScript where it's saying sorry.
We don't know if the current user is defined.
We've been over this several times.
Remember, require authority has a very stringent check inside of it to make sure that current user
is defined.
So I'm going to put the exclamation on there to say TypeScript, don't worry about it.
We already made sure that current user is defined.
So if those two ideas are not the same, we should throw probably a not authorized air.
They'll throw a new not authorized air.
And we should also import that air from our common module as well.
I did not get that on the initial pass of all these imports.
So I'll throw in a not authorized air.
And then finally, we want to make sure that the order is not yet canceled.
They'll say if.
Order status is equal to order status.
That canceled.
And let's throw a new bad request.
Air.
And we're making use of the odor status in right there, which is coming from our common module.
Let's add in import for that at the very top as well.
So up at the top from our common module, we'll get our order status.
Whenever we throw a bad request air, we also have to provide a reason to say, Hey, here's why you
made a bad request.
So I'll give this a reason of something like cannot pay for an expired or how about canceled order?
So if we get past those three checks right there, then we'll say, okay, fine, you can pay for this
thing.
We'll try to actually build your credit card.
To make sure that these three checks at least work.
We should do a little quick intermediate test here.
So I'm going to restore that resend of success.
True, once again.
So now, in theory, we could test this out and try to make a variety of different requests.
Using Postman, we could try to pay for a order that does not actually exist.
We could try to sign up as two different users, create an order on one and then pay for it on another.
We could also try to create an order wait a minute, for the thing to be expired and then try to pay
for it.
But all those scenarios sound like a lot of tedious work.
We would have to be using Postman quite a bit just to verify these different cases.
So I think that this is a great scenario where automated testing could make sure that we are doing the
correct thing in all three scenarios.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to write out some automated tests to make
sure that all these different cases are handled appropriately.